Assignment 4 - Expense tracker features set 1 (#6)
IN2026-sankarapandian/CSharp_Starter_Repo: src/ExpenseTracker/Docs/DeveloperDocs.md

# Expense tracker Console Application - Developer Docs

## Overview  

> It is a C# console based expense tracker system that allow users to **Add**, **view** transactions.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a C# console based expense tracker system that allows users to **Add** and **View** transactions.  

```
